So with AI usage, we've learned that AI usage is what determines how much exposure a person has to using AI tools, how comfortable, how much, usually exposure, comfort, and use cases, right? Uselessness. AI usage is directly tied to usefulness. Those who find it more useful, use it more often, and typically usefulness is determined by your exposure and your understanding of how it works really determines how much you can use it within your workflow or job or even personal use. So the department distribution obviously excues more to executives. Age range, we do age range because it allows you to understand the distribution to see just because generational, right? Different generations exist in your workplace who have different feelings and aptitudes toward a particular tool. And so we would want to say, well, what age, right, is there a particular age range that has a particular feeling? The comfort level with AI is very important, it determines what kind of anxiety or psychological barriers a person might have as it relates to using a generative AAT tool. Top concerns about AI really gives a dictate to what are the anxieties that people are facing, reliability of accuracy of AI responses. And so that lets you know that a person is concerned about it, how much does your team know to be able to risk mitigate, right, how do you start to build in risk mitigation strategies around responsible AI and accuracies and where is it appropriate for it to go, to limit your exposure, client data and privacy and security, I'm not concerned, right, cost or access to tools. So these are things that we learned and then our priorities sets its own for what person wants to go directionally, what do they think is important for them, right, save time on that man reporting and compliance documentation, data dashboards and business intelligence. Most use tool, chat GBT, and so there's not a lot of variety, we ask this question to be able to see how much do people know about other AI tools. And so understanding and knowing about a breath of AI tools, right, really speaks to enthusiasm, your enthusiasm for learning about generative AI. The organizational usage patterns, you know, this one's a big one where individual staff experimenting informally, right, and so this is a big, big people to say, hey, we have folks who are using it daily, right, we have, we have folks who are using it daily, 35, 35, 35% of our people are using it daily with, with eight daily with weekly and, and so you have people using it, not that, like only a few people daily, daily, a daily user is different. So this is where you have experimenting informally. Some people have several pilots across different units, small pilots in one area. And so you have some people inside the organization trying to figure out what AI can do inside of your organization right now. And so that's important. You want to, you want to, you want to unearth those. Keep problems, right, what can do. So we had admin, you know, this is where people thought admin data, operational efficiency, customer service, but admin and documentation was overwhelmingly the key thing. And so these are our findings. Thank you.